This is breaking the internet right now
and it's genuinely one of the most wild
use cases I've seen from AI. People are
generating entire videos with
voiceovers, motion graphics and product
demos all from a single text prompt
inside of Claude. No editor and no
coding, just by typing what you want and
you get an output in under a few
minutes. So in this episode I bring on
my friend Salman to show us exactly how
he is doing this to create some insane
videos. So without further ado, let's
jump into this video. All right, so
let's hop right in real quick. I want to
show you guys these Twitter posts
because this is absolutely trending
right now on Twitter if you guys haven't
been living under a rock. Remotion now
apparently lets you build and edit
videos inside of Claude Code. And here
are just some of the examples that
people have been posting. So like this
right here, Salman, if I'm correct, is
like literally generated all inside of
Cloud Code. Nobody is like it doesn't an
editor is not editing this video. This
is literally all cloud code generating
the graphics and whatnot. So, what we're
going to be doing in this video is we're
going to be showing stuff that Salman
has built because he's been using this
the last couple of days to build some
pretty cool things. And then he's going
to actually show us how we could start
doing this right now even if we have no
coding or technical capabilities. So,
Salman, let's let's dive into this, man.
>> For sure. For sure.
>> This is going to be fun. So, something I
wanted to show is like just with like
one or two prompts, I had another video.
It just I can make now videos where it
takes components from my UI and it can
literally build have voiceovers and
generate like full-on product demos.
>> Uh I don't want to show you the whole
thing but like for example here it takes
literally the components from my
software and then generates a voice over
uses Nano Banana to make an entire
video. Right? This is pretty fun to make
because now what I can do is if I can
just have Claude thinking of other use
cases on other marketing videos, I can
have an automated pipeline where it's
just like a marketing team on autopilot.
Right?
>> The reason we can make these kind of
remotion videos with Claude is because
Claude can use this thing which is
skills. And at a high level, you can
think of skills like this. So imagine
this is Claude. This is um a little
diagram of Thanos from the Avengers. I
don't know if you've seen like he does
that snap to wipe everyone out. But you
know, Thanos himself is is cool. He's
kind of weak, but he's not super strong.
But Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet,
he gets so many things he can do like
manipulate time, all that. So, think of
giving Claude skills in the same way.
So, and the elements like the ability to
code, use Remotion to create videos,
using nano banana to kind of make more
images, using 11 Labs to generate a
voiceover. That is all different types
of skills we can give to Claude so it
can make really really good videos. All
right. So, it's just kind of super
giving Claude superpowers to make them
make it way more powerful. Claude, you
can put in a lot of empty skills and
making sure that at the end after we
equip Claude with all these skills, it
can do crazy things and that's why
everyone's been really loving Claude.
Not to mention, it's also a really
powerful model. So, it's kind of like
just this where Claude will now have
access to Remotion and it can also
create images with Nanobanana Pro and 11
Labs. All right. So, one thing I want to
mention before we move on and show how
people could actually begin doing this
as well as some of the use cases you've
built. I want to quickly mention that
like this Remotion skill is one of the
first ones that's kind of like breaking
the internet cuz people are like, "Wow,
okay, we are giving Claude this skill to
go and generate videos." But what I'm
excited for is when more and more of
these apps and tools that we use on a
daily basis begin implementing these
skills into Claude because it's
genuinely going to become insane. And
this is when we're going to give Thanos
like these superpowers cuz right now we
might have like a couple like one or two
infinity stones. But like what happens
when the majority of these platforms now
begin having these skills that make our
agentic workflows just like super
productive and are able to do some
pretty cool things instead of just like
these kind of basic coding tasks.
>> Yeah, exactly. So it's like taking it to
a next level where now Claude not only
can just code which is cool you can only
write so much code but then it can
leverage other services people who spent
thousands of hours building their
products kind of like I'll show you hey
Jen very recently introduced their plot
skill where now you can essentially
create your own avatar. You can use
Remotion to create a video and then have
your avatar there speaking as if you are
the content creator making it. And that
just opens up a whole new world of
possibilities, especially for content
creation where, you know, as this tech
just gets better and better, everything
might change as we know it.
>> Yeah, man. That's crazy. You and I,
Salman, as YouTubers, like I'm more of a
YouTuber. You you're you're also a
business owner, but I like kind of
identify as like an AI YouTuber. My job
might be gone here soon. So, it's really
interesting to see. And and honestly,
like genuinely, I think this is like the
biggest opportunity to begin learning
how to use something like claw code and
and anti-gravity because it's really
only going to just like supercharge
people that understand how to use these
technologies.
>> Yeah, abs. Absolutely. This is like kind
of I feel like there's such a big
arbitrage opportunity that we can take
advantage of because this is still only
like a handful of people can do this at
this moment. So if you really learn this
technology and actually even even just
know about it, the possibilities you can
think of and unlock and take advantage
before everyone else is actually insane.
>> Yeah, it's endless. All right, so
Salmon, we kind of understand skills now
and why they're important and why
they're going to be important in the
future. But how could and somebody in my
audience right now that has no idea how
to code, doesn't use cursor, doesn't use
anti-gravity, how could they begin
building out these videos with this
Claude skill? Let's could you walk me
through that part?
>> Yeah, for sure. So I'm going to keep
this super simple. All we need to build
these kind of videos is just a cloud
subscription and that's it. So after you
have the cloud subscription, you see
this is just a quick little picture I
have. This is all we're going to be
interacting with. All right. So if I
open up my claude app first, what you
want to do, it's really easy. You want
to open up a new folder. So for example,
I'm going to make a new folder inside my
documents. Let's say Remotion Brock. All
right. So all we did right now is just
go into our cloud app. I hit this code
button and I selected a folder. That's
it. There's nothing fancy I'm doing
right now. So now what we want to do is
we want to give this folder in our
folder. We should tell Claude, hey,
right here we're going to be building
videos. So you need this reotion skill,
right? And to do that, what we're going
to do is we're going to take this file
right here, which is from the creator of
Claude Code, and we're going to take
this. I'm just all I'm doing is just
copying the URL. I'm pasting it here,
and I'm being like, "Hey, can you
install this Claude skill for me? We're
going to be building Remotion videos
here and then can you please build a
video for me?
>> Yeah. Wow, that is easy. And then guys,
if you want to access this, there's
going to be a link in the description
just to be able to click on this and you
know, so you could copy that URL just
like Solomon did right there.
>> Yeah. So, normally what you would have
to do is make a file, you'd have to make
the put the file inside all the stuff.
But right now, because Cloud Code is
become so smart, I don't even have to
like read or know what's going on. I can
just give it a link and I'm like, "Hey,
go figure this stuff out. I just want it
done." Yeah. And the funny part is I
think people on the background on the
back end I mean people from the outside
looking in don't even know what it's
doing on the back end and that's super
complex stuff but like I don't know how
to code. I'm non-technical. I don't
care. It's it's just doing it for me.
That's like the the power of it and the
best part.
>> Yeah. It's just like pretty much just
make me a video. That that's all we
>> um we're just pointing it at like like
imagine if you're a chef you can use
tons of different things, right? To
let's say make a video. You can use like
let's say we're making a meal. We can we
can make something like a chicken dish.
We can make a beef dish. So now this is
kind of like an ingredient. We're saying
it, hey, use these utensils. Use these
ingredients to make me this kind of
meal,
>> right? And if you don't know how to do
it, then go and figure out how to do it.
And it'll go ahead and figure out how to
put the ingredients together. Like it's
crazy.
>> Here it just got all the claw skills and
it just asking me for permission and
it's like, hey, can I put this in a
file?
>> So it's literally downloading all those
skills that were inside of that GitHub
thing. And so now your claude has access
to being able to go off and do multiple
different things, right? Without us even
having to give it that skill.
>> Yeah. So right now, now it says the
reotion skill is installed. The project
directory is empty. So I need to set up
a new motion project. Before I do that,
what kind of video would you like me to
build? So it's asking for all these
things. Uh Brock, do you have a website?
>> I don't have a website, actually.
>> Okay. So because what I could do is I
could be like, "Hey, go to this website.
Go grab these assets and then build a
video for that."
>> Right. Well, let's go to your website
and let's see what yours looks like cuz
I'm I believe you did something similar
for your video, right?
>> Yes. So, here. So, for example, this is
my website.ai. I have a color scheme and
all this stuff. I have some, you know,
pictures, etc. So, what I could be like
is I can copy this. I can go back and be
like, for this website, can you go fetch
the assets, use the same colors, like
the white, black text, blue accents,
stuff like that, and then build a video
for a product demo for this exact SAS or
tool. And I'm intentionally just being
like incredibly vague about what I'm
saying because I want to show that you
know as long as you're just like talking
to this thing that that's about it.
That's all you need to do.
>> Right.
>> And now you see now it's saying, "Hey,
can you allow me to go fetch this
stuff?" And I'm like, "Yeah, go for it.
Do your thing."
>> Yeah.
>> I think the barrier of entry for doing
anything honestly has drastically
getting lower and lower and lower. It's
just like, you know, you have to kind of
get through that initial hurdle. There's
always going to be some uh weird
vocabulary people are using because as
um technical people, people use a lot of
jargon. But honestly, it's you have to
just ignore what people are saying. And
if you're ever in doubt, just go to
Claude and be past it and be like, "Hey,
figure this out for me. This is what I
want. What do I do next?"
>> Yeah. And I think me since I've been
using Claude Code the last two weeks
religiously for the first time ever cuz
I thought it was going to be too
difficult. I've noticed that like I'm
like it's much easier than it seems.
Like I I do agree with the technical
jargon thing because it does kind of
intimidate so many people for making
that first step. Whereas if you don't
worry about the technical jargon and you
just ask Claude to do something and if
you don't know how to do it, have it
explain it to you like you're in fifth
grade. It is so good at just like
simplifying it and making it easy. And a
lot of the times you don't even need to
know what it's doing on the back end
because it's able to go off and do it
itself and work through and make
iterations and figure out how to do it.
Yeah, it's it's pretty insane like how
uh the trajectory of everything's going
because like now I don't know there's
been this concept I don't know if you've
seen like of Ralph
>> Wiggum
>> and the reason that kind of concept was
born is because Ralph Wigum as a
character in the Simpsons is is
portrayed to be like a stupid character
right but what it does it has unlimited
tenacity and it just goes and you know
tries to tackle problems
>> super persistent right
>> exactly yeah
>> so it's kind of like a fun analogy but
like we all just need to be Ralph Wigum.
We just need to keep asking Cloud, "Hey,
what do I do? Hey, what did you do this
for me and at the end we're just gonna
get our outcome."
>> Yeah.
>> All right. So, this thing just got done.
So, it just says, "Open up this thing on
your browser." Let's open it up. Uh,
okay. So, let's hit play. And you see it
has literally took my headline. It took
all the copy from um our website. It
Yeah, that's actually really insane.
It's doing all these motion graphics. It
even built up these little phone. That's
kind of cool.
>> Jeez, dude.
>> Yeah. And of course, you know, you can
edit uh a bunch of stuff really easily
by just asking it to. And let's say, for
example, now you like this video or you
approve it. You want to make sure it's
automatically sent to my boss so they
can like approve it or disapprove it,
right? What I could do right now is let
me show you this graphic that might make
it easier. So, right now, let's say our
clot code agent. This one says
anti-gravity agent because next week
we're going to actually be showing you
how to do this stuff with anti-gravity
as well. Stay tuned for that. Um, but we
just generated that video and then what
we can do now is we can use something
like Zapier to send us a Slack message
and the video automatically after it's
done. And if we say a go ahead, it's
automatically going to get published to
all our social medias. The way we do
that is by using Zapier and we go right
here. So we go to zapier.com/mcp.
We go start building and then this is
already an MCP server but you can make a
new MCP server. You can select cloud or
cloud code whichever one you want right
so oh there's even co-work now actually
that's kind of cool so let's say you
create that and then after you have that
you add whatever app you need so for
example we can add something like slack
and here we can ask for like approvals
from our team or managers etc. So you
can like add these things. You can
select all of them and you can hit
connect. And then after you have your
Slack connected then you can do
something like metricool. Yeah. Then you
can use something like metricool to
essentially you know add your post or
schedule your posts automatically. And
by doing that so let's say you have both
of these done. You just hit connect and
then you copy this command give it to
claude and you can be like hey go ask my
manager if I can if this is approved to
publish. And if he says yes, you can
just be like, "Okay, now publish this
with metricool." And then it'll get this
all done for you. So with all this, you
can see you can have an automated flow
where you can make a video, you can
generate it, and then you can make your
edits easily just by prompting Claude
being like, "Hey, change the motion of
this here and there, and then you
connect it to Zapier, and you can just
post and do all your work from one place
with just Claude Desktop." I guess
that's just like one very simple example
of what we could use the Zap year MCP
for because it literally connects to
8,000 plus different applications. I
think there's over 30,000 plus actions
it could perform across those apps. So
if you use a specific thing like you
could send a Gmail message to your team,
you could add that video link to Google
Sheets or update your notion page, all
that stuff just by kind of like giving
it those hands for it to go off and run
and you know utilize different apps that
you use. So it's a way to kind of bridge
that bridge that gap like you said.
>> Exactly. Yeah. It's honestly the world's
your oyster. It's like whenever you're
trying to do something like just think
of what you do dayto-day like all the
little steps, you can just have those
all connected and think of this like
giving Zapier think of Zapier like
giving Claude a different skill like
that Thanos gauntlet. This is just
another skill where you can be like,
"Hey, Claude, go do this stuff for me."
It has access.
>> Yeah. No, it's crazy. All right, Simmon.
So, we have this video now that's
generated with Remotion, but how can we
now add another skill and utilize
another tool such as 11 Labs to actually
go ahead and generate a voice over for
the video? So, not only do we have a
video now, we have an entire video with
a voice over on it. Yeah. So, it's
actually really simple. So, in the same
way, what we're going to do is we're
going to give it a new skill. And the
way we give things new skills is, so for
example, for 11 Labs, what I like using
is this thing called wave speed. And
with waves, what I can do is right here.
You see there's a lot of 11 labs models,
right? And what I can do is I can
generate these voiceovers with claude
and wave. So the way you do that is you
just go to API keys, you copy this
thing, and then you come here, you paste
your key in, and then be like, hey, can
you create a voiceover script for me
using Wavespeed 11 Labs V3? And then
attach it to this video. And right now
I'm just going to paste my wave speed
API key, but I'm going to hide it so you
guys don't see. But [laughter]
um all right. So uh I just opened up the
local host and then I downloaded this
video and you can see right now I just
want to make sure you guys can hear it
and it will have a voice over. So for
example, I'm just going to go to the
middle
>> funnel grow as AI agents work around the
clock. Next up the agent builder. Create
AI sales agents in minutes. Choose a
voice. configure channels like voice SM.
>> So now it can speak. There's like
literally a text speech going on. You
can also be like, you know, give it sub
subtitles. You can say stuff like cut
this out. If you don't like the voice or
even if you recorded your own voice, you
could just be like, here's the
recording, go attach this to the
Remotion project, and you'll be good to
go there as well.
>> Yeah. So you're saying you could
literally clone your own voice and then
add your own voice over to this.
Literally all AI generated just by a
couple of simple prompts in cloud.
That's crazy.
>> Yeah. I mean, like the barrier to entry
to all this stuff is getting so low just
because all you need to do is just go to
this text box and type in what you want.
>> Yeah. Crazy, man. I I don't know what
else to say other than that. All right,
guys. That's crazy. Solomon, I'm stoked
that you showed us how to use this. I'm
actually going to go and begin building
videos after this video and probably
nerd out with it for the next couple of
hours. So, first of all, where could
they find you? And then B, I want to ask
you about anti-gravity and what your
thoughts are on that.
>> Oh, so uh if you want you can find me on
my YouTube channel. I should be collabed
with the link. Uh but it's just Salman
Yasar, that's my name. But the
anti-gravity part that's really
interesting because everything we just
did with claude code right now we can
also do with anti-gravity. The thing is
we should be learning both because this
AI race is kind of crazy this week or
this month. Let's say clot code is
ahead, but you don't know what OpenAI or
Gemini is going to release randomly.
That's just going to skyrocket. So,
anti-gravity kind of lets us use a bunch
of different models. Right now, the only
problem is rate limits, but it is free.
So, if you just want to get started with
all of this for free rather than me
paying 200 bucks a month for cloud code,
I suggest use anti-gravity to get
started and then you can do the same
thing with skills there.
>> Yeah, perfect. And if you guys are
interested, subscribe. We're going to be
talking about that next week on our next
podcast. But Salmon, thanks man. These
podcasts have been fun. And I think my
audience is getting a lot of value. It's
fun talking to somebody who has a coding
background, but is able to explain it in
a super simple way to somebody like
myself. And then I get to ask the
questions that maybe my audience has. So
if you guys are enjoying this format,
let me know in the comments below. I
really appreciate hearing your feedback.
Salmon, they could go ahead follow you.
In the description, there's going to be
a link and yeah, thanks for coming on,
man.
>> Awesome. Thanks for having me, bro.
Super fun. Dev course.